fix(html): update dir attribute behavior for Firefox with Ctrl+Shift+X (#40083)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/reference/global_attributes/dir/index.md

This attribute is _not_ inherited by the {{ HTMLElement("bdi") }} element. If not set, its value is `auto`.

> Browsers might allow users to change the directionality of {{ HTMLElement("input") }} and {{ HTMLElement("textarea") }}s in order to assist with authoring content. Chrome and Safari provide a directionality option in the contextual menu of input fields. In Firefox on Windows, pressing <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>X</kbd> inside a `<textarea>` toggles text direction and also updates the `dir` attribute value.

Reviewer: On Mac you replace Ctrl with Cmd as usual

> Browsers might allow users to change the directionality of {{ HTMLElement("input") }} and {{ HTMLElement("textarea") }}s in order to assist with authoring content. Chrome and Safari provide a directionality option in the contextual menu of input fields. In Firefox on Windows, pressing <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>X</kbd> inside a `<textarea>` toggles text direction and also updates the `dir` attribute value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Browsers might allow users to change the directionality of {{ HTMLElement("input") }} and {{ HTMLElement("textarea") }}s in order to assist with authoring content. Chrome and Safari provide a directionality option in the contextual menu of input fields. Firefox uses <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> (Windows)/ <kbd>Cmd</kbd> (macOS) + <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>X</kbd> inside a `<textarea>` toggles text direction and also updates the `dir` attribute value.
```

This attribute is _not_ inherited by the {{ HTMLElement("bdi") }} element. If not set, its value is `auto`.

Browsers might allow users to change the directionality of {{ HTMLElement("input") }} and {{ HTMLElement("textarea") }} elements in order to assist with authoring content.

> Chrome and Safari provide a directionality option in the contextual menu of input fields. Firefox uses <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> (Windows)/<kbd>Cmd</kbd> (macOS) + <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>X</kbd> inside a `<textarea>` toggles text direction and also updates the `dir` attribute value.

Reviewer: This sentence doesn't read grammatically correct to me:

```suggestion
Chrome and Safari provide a directionality option in the contextual menu of input fields. Firefox uses <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> (Windows)/<kbd>Cmd</kbd> (macOS) + <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>X</kbd> inside a `<textarea>` to toggle text direction and also updates the `dir` attribute value.
```

(Happy to review a follow up fix)
